---
layout: post
title:  Plog run
date:   2021-05-21 14:05:55 +0300
image:  /assets/images/portfolio/community/plogrun.jpg
author: Murali H R 
tags:   Circular Economy, Plog run , Plasticfree
---



### Plog run
===
 
#### Leading for a plastic free city
I was  one of the chief organizers of the Plog run, which was organized in association with BBMP and Go Native under the mentorship of ramakrishna and partnership with Anirudh and Sunil KG. 
- Make plogging a fitness activity
- Enable a healthy environment in the city
- Build a community of Ploggers who care for a plastic-free lifestyle.

#### Plog run  Goal
---
- Identify communities across bangalore to conduct plog run for a distance of 3 km
- Identify paths/stretches where they need to be done.
- Provide Plog kits to runners and enable branding of Go Native our primary sponsors.
- Co-ordinate with BBMP and other partners in ensuring smooth flow of events.
- Display route info and other info across all the locations
- Marketing and reaching out to various community partners and ambassadors.

We started the work in June 2018 and were able to quickly identify ambassadors and they in turn assembled around 30-40 ploggers in their locality.

#### My Roles and Responsibilities 
---
- Designing the Platform for community engagement
- Manage the funds - budget - expenditure to be under control.
- Communication to the partners and ambassadors.

---
#### What we acheived
- A highly succeessful event which saw 8000 Ploggers across bangalore plogging in  around 100 locations .
- Worlds largest plog run leading to the winning of Guinness Book of World Records.
- Prime Minister introducing the word Plog to the world and the sports minister taking this concept in 2019 for nationwide implementation.
- The Plog run movement was a grand success and was the first time such a movement had happened in the Country.


#### Success Team : 
--

#####  Organization Team: 
- Prashanth Prakash sponsored the program completely.
- BBMP gave a great support under Manjunath Prasad IAS .

##### Support Team:
- SAHAAS. 